projectSourceCode

This project is a way for students to connect. We found that an issue for students when working on an assignment or studying for a class, they get stuck on something, but there are no people around or they want to work with people for multiple classes but don't know anyone who is available. Our website helps bring students together to get work done. The user must first register on the site. From there, they select their list of classes along with the assignments/work they are working on.(For example; Algorithms: Problem Set 5 and Explain it Back 5) This is put on a to do list. After that is done, the database is searched to find people with the same classes. Users can send others an email to see if they want to meet up and work. Hope you like this project!

The repo includes all ejs pages with CSS sheets and a NodeJS page (server.js) to run the site. The website was deployed to Heroku, so the NodeJS server page is only for running the website locally. In 'views/pages', the Registration, Login, and Home pages can be found. To run this website, click on the following link: https://meetnwork-softwaredev.herokuapp.com/ . As stated above, a new user must register first and then log in. The site only accepts login information stored in the database (i.e. after registering, the user's info will be added to the database). Upon typing in tasks/homework for one or more of your classes, the home page will be populated with the other users and what they are working on/where based on which fields the user entered. If the user is not working on one of the classes he/she is enrolled in, then that table on the home page will not appear.

Best Regards, MeetnWork Team